Fix aria-label documentation, removing statement that says it should be used only for interactive items (#35465)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/attributes/aria-label/index.md

{{AccessibilitySidebar}}

> The `aria-label` attribute defines a string value that can be used to name an element, as long as the element's role does not [prohibit naming](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-label#associated_roles).

Author: > Might it make sense to explicitly mention that aria-label can be used to name an element, so long as the element's implicit or explicit aria role doesn’t prohibit naming.

Pushed a change https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/35465/commits/83297c784da87276c534ff5019dcca5f761f6de3 making it clearer that label should only be used with roles that don't prohibit author naming.

>Listitem, for example being a role that is incorrectly not in the name prohibited category, but will be once the spec updates to correct this. But the other example, role=list or main, article, etc are all nameable roles/elements.

Thanks for the context, @scottaohara! I found this nice PR of you on the theme: https://github.com/w3c/aria/pull/2292. Let me know if I could help with anything there, too   🙂

{{AccessibilitySidebar}}

> The `aria-label` attribute defines a string value that names an element.

Author: > Might it make sense to explicitly mention that aria-label can be used to name an element, so long as the element's implicit or explicit aria role doesn’t prohibit naming.

Pushed a change https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/35465/commits/83297c784da87276c534ff5019dcca5f761f6de3 making it clearer that label should only be used with roles that don't prohibit author naming.

>Listitem, for example being a role that is incorrectly not in the name prohibited category, but will be once the spec updates to correct this. But the other example, role=list or main, article, etc are all nameable roles/elements.

Thanks for the context, @scottaohara! I found this nice PR of you on the theme: https://github.com/w3c/aria/pull/2292. Let me know if I could help with anything there, too   🙂

</button>
```

> > **Note:** `aria-label` is intended for naming elements that allow `aria-label` or for elements made interactive via other ARIA declarations when there's no visible text in the DOM to serve as a label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** `aria-label` is intended for naming elements where the implicit or explicit role does not prohibit naming. It is strongly recommended to prioritize the use of `aria-labelledby` over `aria-label` if a visible label exists for the element to reference and receive its name from. 
```
